## Contribution Best Practices
Before creating any content or planning an event, it is essential to understand who your target audience is. Trying to understand their interests and pain points will help you create content that resonates with them. Valuable content is one that educates, entertains or informs an audience. Ensure that your content is unique, relevant and engaging. Optimizing your content for SEO is also very important. Use relevant keywords in your content to optimize it for search engines. Social media platforms are great tools for promoting your contributions and building a following. At Postman we heavily use Twitter and LinkedIn, but there are other options such as DEV, Medium, Reddit, Facebook, TikTok and more. Measure the success of your content and events by tracking metrics such as website traffic, social media engagement, and click-through rates. Analyze the data to identify what is working and what is not to make changes that improve your content. Try to think of other types of content that can compliment your contribution. For example, a video could come with a blog post (and vice versa!) an event could have multiple videos, blog posts and a livestream all before, during and after the event. All pieces of content can be shared multiple times in multiple ways across your social media channels. Even a handful of pictures of a crowd at your event/talk can help raise more awareness.

## Improving Video Content
The two most important things that you can do to have better quality video is to have good audio and proper, bright, lighting. Darker scenes end up looking worse on camera. Good audio is very important to get your message across properly and for building a following. Good clean audio means no background noise and loud enough volume that you can be easily heard. Try to avoid using a laptop microphone as that often picks up typing and clicking. Keeping the microphone close to your mouth helps with volume and reducing background noise such as fans, cars etc.
Look into tools like NVIDIA Broadcast if you have supported hardware to improve your audio and video automatically. Ensure you have a proper zoom level so small text is easily read on mobile devices. Consider going off-script, or likewise, even write a script if you don’t usually use one. Scripts can help you deliver your message more effectively and help you make more engaging, informative and easy to follow content. Be sure to edit your footage to remove unnecessary footage, adjust brightness and contrast if necessary, add transitions and other things to keep your footage snappy and engaging.

## Creating Better Assets
